Update documentation about running Gatling tests after switch to java dsl (#1252)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/running_tests.md

## Performance tests

> Performance tests are done with [Gatling](http://gatling.io/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}, and are located in the `src/test/java/gatling/simulations` folder. They are generated for each entity, and allows to test each of them with a lot of concurrent user requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance tests are done with [Gatling](http://gatling.io/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}, and are located in the `src/test/java/gatling/simulations` folder. They are generated for each entity, and allow to test each of them with a lot of concurrent requests.
```
